(energy building)
[council rep]
So then, with all that in mind,
we of the Student Council
are always working
to improve the lives
of all of our students,
and we would like
to ask all of you
to help us achieve that goal.
We are not asking for
nominations of candidates.
As I just explained,
this election will follow
the same pattern
as our standard...
(tense music)
(gasps)
(door shatters)
(students gasp)
[fake shadow]
We are Shadow Garden,
and we are taking over
this academy.
They went there.
They seriously went there!
This is what every young boy
in the world dreams of.
The glorious event that
graces the first page
of our adolescent fantasies.
The dream of having your school
attacked by terrorists!
[Kagenou]
They really, truly went there!
[Rose] ...hardly the act
of a sane person.
Infinite possibilities
now lie before me.
[Rose] I refuse.
[Kagenou] What do I do?
[fake shadow] Then you'll
make the perfect example.
[Kagenou] What's my move?
[council rep] Miss President!
[Rose] What? My magic!
Magic obstruction?!
A one-sided assault
from the terrorist.
If they're following the stock
formula this beautifully,
then...
They can't kill her!
[Kagenou]
We've come too far for this!
I can't let this happen!
The first person in a class to
be killed by a terrorist...
is a role that always belongs
to a background character!
[Rose] Uh!
It's perfect.
(OPENING THEME)
[Rose] Cid Kagenou...
You fool!
Why did you step
in front of me?
(mournful music)
(coughs)
I'm... dead.
(gasps)
[Rose] Of course.
I understand now.
My sweet Cid, you...
You cared for me.
You loved me so much you were
willing to give your life.
(gasps)
We're going to the auditorium.
If you don't want to
end up like him,
you'll come along
without a fight.
(soft growl)
Thank you,
Cid Kagenou.
(indistinct whispering)
(loud thud)
(metallic chime)
(heartbeat)
(loud thud)
(metallic chime)
(heartbeat)
(loud thud)
(metallic chime)
(heart beating)
(loud thud)
(Cid gasping)
That worked perfectly.
The secret technique:
The 10 Minute Death:
the Heartbreak.
I use magic to control
the flow of my blood
so I can maintain regular
blood flow to my brain,
even when my heart
has stopped beating.
It's a high-risk move.
(heart beating)
One wrong step and
it's hello afterlife.
As a background character,
there are times when I've got
to do what I've got to do,
even if it could kill me.
Of course, my magic is
still being obstructed.
Oh, well. It's fine as long as
I refine it to narrow threads.
They did set up this whole
magic blocking scenario.
It would just be rude
to ignore it, so...
Okay...
Let's go!
(schwing)
Yes, of course.
It's laid out in
this sequence, so...
(swords clanging)
(ominous music)
(window shatters)
Huh?
Hah!
(gasps)
We are Shadow Garden,
little one.
Wait, maybe we're called
the Shadow Guardians.
Well, whatever.
My name is Rex.
I am the great
Game of Betrayal, Rex,
and my job is to retrieve
the pendant artifact.
But when I'm done,
my boss says I can wreak as
much havoc as I want.
(Sherry whimpers)
[Rex]
I can read you like a book.
That really helps.
Thanks a bunch, little lady.
[Glen] Oh, no you don't!
(swords clang)
That's not so bad for a guy who
can't use his magic.
Magic isn't the only
important thing.
When your opponent is weaker,
it's easy to perry his attacks.
"When your opponent is weaker,"
huh?
(Rex laughing)
So you think you can
overpower me, you crap bag?
Damn right I can.
[Rex] Hah!
Then I guess I'll
ask you your name.
Glen, the Lion's Mane,
Vice Commander of
the Crimson Order.
[Glen] Marco!
[Marco] Sir!
Now, Sherry!
This is your chance!
(yells)
(intense fighting)
[Marco] Commander!
(Rex laughing)
(wind blowing)
[Cid] They've rounded up all
the hostages in the auditorium.
Good, the standard formula.
Security is totally wiped out,
and the Knight Order has
come running to provide
support.
But with magic being blocked,
they hesitate to charge inside.
That's pretty cliche, too.
Not bad at all.
We also have some of the
terrorists running around
the school
to make sure there aren't any
more hidden students.
Such a beautiful
sight to behold.
Then there's me,
the Eminence in Shadow,
looking very meaningfully
down on the proceedings.
Magnificent!
That's one more
thing that I can
cross off the old bucket list.
However,
they're not just sticking
to the cookie cutter script,
they've added a fair amount
of originality to it.
Which is good, but they have
no sense of aesthetics!
Wearing all black
in the middle of the day?
Have you no regard for the
proper time,
place and occasion?
Now you just look like losers
who don't know how
to dress themselves!
If you're going to wear
the long black coat,
you do it at night.
Everybody knows that.
If it's going to be like this,
I'll play it slow
until nighttime.
(phfew)
(blood splattering)
I'll buy myself some time by
playing the little game
of snipe the bad guys,
and save my grand entrance
until after dark.
Hmm... A pink haired idiot
running around,
practically begging
to be captured.
(Sherry gasps)
Wait a minute, that's Sherry!
(gasps)
You're cute, Sherry.
I know you think
you're being sneaky,
but everyone can see you.
(phfew)
(surprised gasp)
Mission complete.
Heh...
My background character sense
is telling me
that the main story
is progressing.
When the scenario gets
closer to its climax,
the Eminence in Shadow will
make his dashing appearance.
(gasping for breath)
I love it.
Now I leap dramatically from
the top of a building.
And that's one more item to
cross off my bucket list.
[guard] Huh?
(urk)
(gasps)
Oh good,
it was just my imagination.
(struggling to breath)
(campy spy music)
He said...
That's not so bad for a guy
who can't use his magic.
[Sherry] They must be
using THAT artifact,
and that's why they
want to get this one.
If I can get to father's room,
there should be some documents
with more detail.
(urk)
(gasps)
Oh, good,
it was just my imagination.
(campy spy music continues)
[guard] Hmm?
(guard yelling)
(Sherry gasps)
[Sherry] Oh, good,
it was just my imagination.
(campy spy music continues)
(Sherry yelling)
[Cid] Are you all right?
[Sherry] Cid...
[Cid] Here you go.
[Sherry] Thank you very much.
Oh no! Cid, you're hurt!
[Cid]
Ah, it's nothing. I'm fine.
I just survived a near fatal
encounter, that's all.
But more importantly,
I have a few things
I want to tell you.
Like, let's not talk
out loud to ourselves.
And let's stop trying
to figure things out
and walk at the same time.
And maybe pay attention to
where you're walking.
But most of all...
Let's take off those noisy
flip-flopping slippers.
[Cid] I guess the assistant
principal isn't here.
[Sherry] No.
I hope he managed
to get out safely.
I think this is
where he kept it.
I took out five more guys
on the way here.
She really is the main
character of this story arc,
but you can't get the good
ending on this story path
with just her.
There's supposed to be a
sidekick in these situations,
but I don't see
any signs of one.
This scenario
is terribly flawed.
[Sherry] I found it!
[Cid] What is this?
[Sherry] An artifact called
the Eye of Avaris.
This is what's
blocking our magic.
The Eye of Avaris can
absorb magical energy
from any Dark Knight
or magical item
within its range of efficacy
and store it temporarily.
As a result, it becomes
difficult to shape
any magical energy
while in its vicinity.
[Cid]
But the guys in black were using
magic without any trouble.
You can program it to remember
magical frequencies
that you don't
want it to absorb.
It has to have
a feature like that,
or it would swallow up
the magic of anyone
who was trying to use it.
Yes, I see.
That's very interesting.
So, does it absorb any magic
that hasn't been recorded
in its memory?
[Sherry] I don't really know.
I don't think it can
absorb magic traces
that are too small to detect.
And of course,
powerful spells that exceed
the artifact's capacity
would be too much for it.
But there isn't any human alive
who can use THAT kind of magic.
Oh yes, of course.
If that was all there was to it,
it would just be an artifact
that's not very easy
to work with.
But once the Eye of Avaris
has absorbed
all the magical energy it can,
apparently it releases it
all at once.
[Cid] All at once?
[Sherry]
Yes, all of it in one big blast.
Cid, you told me that
all the students
have been gathered together
and are being kept in the
auditorium, right?
If they want to absorb magic
efficiently,
they would put the
Eye of Avaris in a place
where there would be a
large quantity of magic.
In the auditorium where
they have most of
the Academy's
Dark Knights captive.
If the stored magic exceeds the
Eye of Avaris' capacity,
and it releases
it all at once...
(explosion)
[Cid] It would blow
the school sky high.
[Sherry]
Yes! Because of that high risk,
Father chose not to publish
his findings in academia
and he gave the Eye of Avaris
to the government
for safekeeping.
[Cid] Then either there's
another one just like it,
or the first one's been stolen.
All right then,
is there any way to fight it?
Yes, with this.
[Cid] Oh,
the flying saucer from before.
[Sherry]
This artifact is the control
unit for the Eye of Avaris.
I've been deciphering it and
I finally figured it out.
Originally, the Eye of Avaris
was meant to be used
with this one,
as an artifact for long-term
magical storage.
Long-term storage?
So wait, you're telling me
that you can stop it
from releasing the energy?
Yes! Exactly!
Isn't it incredible?
It can effortlessly store and
operate magical energy.
This technology could possibly
be a huge breakthrough.
So then what are
you going to do now?
Ah...
[Sherry] Ahem...
When I finish decoding
this artifact,
then I will will head down to
the auditorium through
the basement.
[Cid] The basement?
[Sherry]
All of the academy's facilities
are connected via
a series of hidden tunnels
to use as an escape route
if there's an emergency.
[Cid]
Hidden tunnels... I like it.
[Sherry]
If I can activate the artifact
and get it close to
the Eye of Avaris,
that should stop it from
functioning.
That's a much more decent
plan than I expected.
The last part's a little weak,
but it should give me a chance
to wreak some havoc as Shadow,
so whatever.
[Sherry] But...
I left all the tools
I need to fine-tune the artifact
back in my study.
How will I get them?
[Cid] I can go get them.
(gasps) No wait! I can't ask you
to do that! You're hurt!
I have to go to
the bathroom anyway.
It's on my way.
'Kay?
Oh, Cid.
[Rex] Our academy takeover
is almost complete.
The knights are buzzing
around outside,
but they're nothing
to worry about.
[Gaunt]
I don't care about any of that.
Why haven't you
retrieved the artifact?
Oh yes, of course,
the artifact.
I'm pretty sure that little
pink haired girl has it.
(chuckles) I have a general idea
of where to find it, so I- (urk)
Do you have any idea
how much your antics
have interfered with our plans?
[Rex] Hey now, d-don't get mad.
[Gaunt] One more slip-up
and I will kill you.
Okay, okay! Don't get upset.
I'll go get it right now.
Oh, that reminds me.
Somebody's taken out
not only our thirds,
but two of our seconds.
There's a real master fighter
hiding somewhere
in this school.
You think there's a chance it
might be you know who?
[Gaunt] Shadow Garden...
So you've finally
shown yourselves.
I suggest you watch
your step from now on.
[Gaunt] (hmphf)
YOU tell ME to watch my step?
Finally, all my ambitions
will be realized.
I will be reinstated in the
Knights of Rounds.
(laughing)
(swoosh)
[all] Huh?!
[both] (arrghh)
(ominous choral music)
What happened?
Were we just attacked?
Huh?
(loud thud)
[Rex] Son of a...
You're too fast for me to see?
Are you using an artifact
to boost your speed?
In that case, face my net!
You know what I just did?
I cast a net.
I don't care how fast
you think you are,
the second you get caught in my
net, it will let me know.
How many more times
can you use that artifact
before it wears you out?
Two times,
maybe even three times.
Your uniform is drenched in
blood, you're really-
(waaah)
(loud thud)
Son of a...
(gaah)
No way...
You hit me from inside my net?
But that's impossible.
You couldn't!
You little punk...
What the hell kind of artifact
are you using?
(crash)
(gasps)
(dramatic musical crescendo)
[Rex] What... What the...
What is happening?
What the hell?
[Cid] Hey...
You are truly awesome.
(Rex yelling)
[Nu] Even a prestigious
knight was no match.
It ends all too quickly
when their magic
is sealed away.
Marco Grainger...
So, you're in the
Crimson Order now.
[Cid] What are you doing, Nu?
[Nu] (gasps) Lord Shadow...
This man was my betrothed.
[Cid] Cool.
What are you gonna do to him?
[Nu] I personally have no
reason to do anything to him.
Then I think it's
okay to do nothing.
Sorry for the delay,
but I have a report.
[Cid] 'Kay.
Shadow Garden has
infiltrated the school,
and we are now awaiting your
orders, Lord Shadow.
They're ready to act as soon as
you give the word.
(dramatic music)
[Cid] 'Kay.
[Nu] But launching
an attack when magic
has been restricted comes
with serious risks.
Only the Seven Shadows can fight
at their standard levels.
But the only one of them
currently in the capitol
is Gamma.
And well, this sort of mission
isn't exactly her forte.
[Cid] Right,
she has zero combat sense.
[Nu] Ah... Yes.
I myself cannot draw on even
half of my usual powers.
[Cid] Oh, darn.
Currently, Gamma has taken over
as General Commander.
She predicts that the
restrictions on magical powers
will be lifted before too long
and we will be at full strength.
There have been no movements
from the cult.
Now that they've sealed their
opponent's magic,
they're making the most of
their advantage
to build their defenses.
As for the Knights,
the only ones who will be
of any use in battle
would be Princess Iris
and the reinforcements'
leading officers.
But they have
a difference of opinion
over who will take command
due to the objections
from the palace.
[Cid] I see.
Our forces have been
instructed to wait
until there's enemy movement,
or you direct us otherwise.
Yeah...
Oh, wait a minute.
Do you know where
I might be able to find
the mythril tweezers?
[Nu]
Oh, they're over here, my Lord.
[Cid]
I'm also going to need the
powdered bone of Earth Dragon,
Ashen Magicide and...
[Cid]
Thanks, you've been a big help.
[Nu] You're welcome.
Might I ask what you
need all of this for?
We're in the process of
fine-tuning an artifact.
An artifact?
Wait, you know how to do that?
Yeah, what's happening is
our magic is being blocked
by an artifact called
the Eye of Avaris,
and we're in the final stages
of fine-tuning the artifact
that can neutralize
this blockage.
A task requiring the
greatest level of knowledge
in the kingdom.
[Nu] You make it sound so easy.
[Cid] I guess so.
I think we'll have it finished
by the time the sun goes down.
Oh, then we will
make preparations
to launch our attack
at that time, my Lord.
[Cid]
I'm looking forward to it.
[Nu] Yes, my Lord.
(exasperated sigh)
You've been spared another day.
(tense techno music)
Father, I need you.
Please, help me.
(ENDING THEME)